wish the jungle this is a whole new
thing nobody told us we add it to a
whole new page
I'm coming grandpa
morning did you guys see Spencer is that
think he went back in we gotta go get it
a weird Florida oh my god my joints feel
like loose myself I came back and things
actually got worse
look at this whoa - doing it you have
some issues here the game is busted
listen up now this is a dangerous place
you've got to have eyes in the back Sam
Hill just happened to him
would you look at me I haven't looked
like this since and ever you look like
this never
I think my eyes are a different color
all of you is a different color
strengths and weaknesses linguistics oh
goodness nunchucks
that's new damn that's a good list
weaknesses heat Sun and Fang
how is this guy a character in an
adventure game we have to find Spencer
and Bethany
this next adventure is even more
challenging
this time not all of you will leave the
gang
Besame thought you might need some help
where is Bethenny she's right here she
says oh my god like I'm a total horse
[Music]
terrible job what are you talking about
that's passed my driver's test last
month that's good we're not gonna make
it we're gonna make it hopefully we're
gonna make it we're gonna make it
we're not gonna make it
[Music]
what happened yes I'm back I missed you
so much oh my god you guys hi Bethany
you guys were back in Jumanji
you